.TH "DOCKER" "1" " Docker User Manuals" "Docker Community" "JUNE 2014" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-tag \- Tag an image into a repository


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker tag\fP
[\fB\-\-help\fP]
NAME[:TAG] NAME[:TAG]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Assigns a new alias to an image in a registry. An alias refers to the
entire image name including the optional \fB\fCTAG\fR after the ':'.


.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB\-\-help\fP
   Print usage statement.

.PP
\fBNAME\fP
   The image name which is made up of slash\-separated name components,
   optionally prefixed by a registry hostname. The hostname must comply with
   standard DNS rules, but may not contain underscores. If a hostname is
   present, it may optionally be followed by a port number in the format
   \fB\fC:8080\fR\&. If not present, the command uses Docker's public registry located at
   \fB\fCregistry\-1.docker.io\fR by default. Name components may contain lowercase
   characters, digits and separators. A separator is defined as a period, one or
   two underscores, or one or more dashes. A name component may not start or end
   with a separator.

.PP
\fBTAG\fP
   The tag assigned to the image to version and distinguish images with the same
   name. The tag name may contain lowercase and uppercase characters, digits,
   underscores, periods and dashes. A tag name may not start with a period or a
   dash and may contain a maximum of 128 characters.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH Tagging an image referenced by ID
.PP
To tag a local image with ID "0e5574283393" into the "fedora" repository with
"version1.0":

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker tag 0e5574283393 fedora/httpd:version1.0

.fi
.RE

.SH Tagging an image referenced by Name
.PP
To tag a local image with name "httpd" into the "fedora" repository with
"version1.0":

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker tag httpd fedora/httpd:version1.0

.fi
.RE

.PP
Note that since the tag name is not specified, the alias is created for an
existing local version \fB\fChttpd:latest\fR\&.

.SH Tagging an image referenced by Name and Tag
.PP
To tag a local image with name "httpd" and tag "test" into the "fedora"
repository with "version1.0.test":

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker tag httpd:test fedora/httpd:version1.0.test

.fi
.RE

.SH Tagging an image for a private repository
.PP
To push an image to a private registry and not the central Docker
registry you must tag it with the registry hostname and port (if needed).

.PP
.RS

.nf
docker tag 0e5574283393 myregistryhost:5000/fedora/httpd:version1.0

.fi
.RE


.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot com)
based on docker.com source material and internal work.
June 2014, updated by Sven Dowideit 
\[la]SvenDowideit@home.org.au\[ra]
July 2014, updated by Sven Dowideit 
\[la]SvenDowideit@home.org.au\[ra]
April 2015, updated by Mary Anthony for v2 
\[la]mary@docker.com\[ra]
June 2015, updated by Sally O'Malley 
\[la]somalley@redhat.com\[ra]
