.TH "DOCKER" "1" " Docker User Manuals" "Docker Community" "JUNE 2014" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
docker\-search \- Search the Docker Hub for images


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBdocker search\fP
[\fB\-f\fP|\fB\-\-filter\fP[=\fI[]\fP]]
[\fB\-\-help\fP]
[\fB\-\-limit\fP[=\fILIMIT\fP]]
[\fB\-\-no\-trunc\fP]
TERM


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Search Docker Hub for images that match the specified \fB\fCTERM\fR\&. The table
of images returned displays the name, description (truncated by default), number
of stars awarded, whether the image is official, and whether it is automated.

.PP
\fINote\fP \- Search queries will only return up to 25 results


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filter\fP=[]
   Filter output based on these conditions:
   \- stars=<numberOfStar>
   \- is\-automated=(true|false)
   \- is\-official=(true|false)

.PP
\fB\-\-help\fP
  Print usage statement

.PP
\fB\-\-limit\fP=\fILIMIT\fP
  Maximum returned search results. The default is 25.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-trunc\fP=\fItrue\fP|\fIfalse\fP
   Don't truncate output. The default is \fIfalse\fP\&.


.SH EXAMPLES
.SH Search Docker Hub for ranked images
.PP
Search a registry for the term 'fedora' and only display those images
ranked 3 or higher:

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker search \-\-filter=stars=3 fedora
NAME                  DESCRIPTION                                    STARS OFFICIAL  AUTOMATED
mattdm/fedora         A basic Fedora image corresponding roughly...  50
fedora                (Semi) Official Fedora base image.             38
mattdm/fedora\-small   A small Fedora image on which to build. Co...  8
goldmann/wildfly      A WildFly application server running on a ...  3               [OK]

.fi
.RE

.SH Search Docker Hub for automated images
.PP
Search Docker Hub for the term 'fedora' and only display automated images
ranked 1 or higher:

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ docker search \-\-filter=is\-automated=true \-\-filter=stars=1 fedora
NAME               DESCRIPTION                                     STARS OFFICIAL  AUTOMATED
goldmann/wildfly   A WildFly application server running on a ...   3               [OK]
tutum/fedora\-20    Fedora 20 image with SSH access. For the r...   1               [OK]

.fi
.RE


.SH HISTORY
.PP
April 2014, Originally compiled by William Henry (whenry at redhat dot com)
based on docker.com source material and internal work.
June 2014, updated by Sven Dowideit 
\[la]SvenDowideit@home.org.au\[ra]
April 2015, updated by Mary Anthony for v2 
\[la]mary@docker.com\[ra]
April 2016, updated by Vincent Demeester 
\[la]vincent@sbr.pm\[ra]
